Yahoo!
It’s Kizuna-han!
So!
[ TL Note: She is imitating a comedy act by Satoshi Miyashita, who goes by the stage name "Hyokkori-han" ]
Today,
I’ll be doing the
[ TL Note: She is imitating a comedy act by Satoshi Miyashita, who goes by the stage name "Hyokkori-han" ]
Hyokkori!
Today,
[ TL Note: She is imitating a comedy act by Satoshi Miyashita, who goes by the stage name "Hyokkori-han" ]
Kizuna-han will
do the Hyokkori
[ TL Note: She is imitating a comedy act by Satoshi Miyashita, who goes by the stage name "Hyokkori-han" ]
from va~rious places!
Okay?!
Let’s get started!
First of all, these!
Pompoms!
With these,
I will send everyone a big L!
Now then!
Music start~!
3!
2!
1!
Go~!
[ Hyokkori with Pompoms ]
Ya~y!
Let’s go!
[ Hyokkori with Pompoms ]
That’s
the Hyokkori-han!
Nice Hyokkori~!
Next,
I’ll do the Hyokkori
using this!
Now then, music start~!
3!
2!
1!
Go~!
[ ← Which way? → ]
[ Hyokkori with the Easel ]
Oh?
[ ← Which way? → ]
[ Hyokkori with the Easel ]
Oh?
[ ← Which way? → ]
[ Hyokkori with the Easel ]
That’s
the Hyokkori-han!
Nice Hyokkori~!
Good stuff, good stuff!
Now, next up
I’ll be using this
to do the Hyokkori~!
Now then!
Music start~!
3!
2!
1!
Go~!
[ Hyokkori with the Random Word Generator ]
That’s
the Hyokkori-han!
Nice Hyokkori~!
Bye bye~!
We're looking for more translators! JP to EN/ES
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by 963852, myriadcandles
Transcribed by Dokuro Fantastic
Timing by aerophage